Temporal Cloud limits sheet - remove KB (#2262)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/cloud/temporal-platform-limits-sheet.md

---
id: temporal-platform-limits-sheet
title: Temporal Platform limits sheet
sidebar_label: Limits sheet
description: Running into limits can cause unexpected failures. Knowing the limits of Temporal can prevent that.
tags:
  - error
  - warn
  - limits
---

> Running into limits can cause unexpected failures.
> Knowing the limits of Temporal can prevent that.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running into limits can cause unexpected failures.
Knowing Temporal's limits can prevent that.

```
